README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

docs: improve README structure and content
- Add H1 title 'Arth Shikshak' with emoji
- Add project description explaining financial intelligence platform
- Add table of contents with internal links
- Add Features section highlighting key capabilities
- Add language annotation to bash code block
- Fix file path reference from app/page.tsx to src/app/page.tsx
- Improve deployment section with specific setup requirements
- Make wording more welcoming and user-friendly

README.md, after:

# Arth Shikshak 💰

Welcome to Arth Shikshak, your personalized financial intelligence platform! We help you track, analyze, plan, and achieve your financial goals with unprecedented ease and confidence.

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Table of Contents

- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Features](#features)
- [Learn More](#learn-more)
- [Deploy on Vercel](#deploy-on-vercel)

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying [`src/app/page.tsx`](src/app/page.tsx). The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

## Features

- **AI-Powered Financial Chat**: Get personalized financial advice and insights
- **Goal Tracking**: Set and monitor your financial objectives
- **Financial Calculators**: Access various tools for financial planning
- **Dashboard Analytics**: Visualize your financial progress
- **Secure Authentication**: Protected user accounts with NextAuth.js
- **Responsive Design**: Works seamlessly across all devices

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy Arth Shikshak is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Before deploying, make sure to:
1. Set up your environment variables for MongoDB and NextAuth.js
2. Configure your authentication providers
3. Set up your Google Generative AI API key

Check out the [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.
